# Project TestFunction
## The goal of the project is to build an open source general finite element solver.  
The basic inputs shall be a .msh file generated by Gmsh (http://gmsh.info/), a free 3D finite element mesh generator.  
The weak form of can be declared in the main.cpp itself. All boundary conditions, Neumann as well as Dirichlet can be delared within the main file.  
The Nodes for Nuemann and Dirichlet boundary conditions are detected on the nodes declared as 'Physical Entities' in gmsh file.  
All the mesh data including physical entities must be declared within one file. For this, after meshing the domain, use 'Export..' option of Gmsh and save as '.msh' file.  
The Project is using Armadillo (http://arma.sourceforge.net) and Gmsh (gmsh.info/) APIs.   
  
The Project is a work in progress.  
  
To compile the code, you need to download the latest Gmsh source code from gmsh.info/ and compile  by typing the following in your Gmsh build directory. This will build a static library of Gmsh.  

    cmake -DDEFAULT=0 -DENABLE_BUILD_LIB=1 -DENABLE_POST=1 -DENABLE_PARSER=1 <path gmsh source directory>
    make lib
    
Copy the libgmsh.a file generated to the folder Project-FEA2/Cpp/libGmshReader/GmshApi/  
Run the following command in your Project-FEA2 Build directory.

    cmake <path Project-FEA2/Cpp/ source directory>
    make
    
A new file Prj-FEA2 will be created

Run by typing

    ./Prj-FEA2
    Enter File Name: <path to .msh file>
    Enter Dimension: <Enter the Dimension you want to analyse>



